#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113/torch_stable.html

cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.31.2
    # via matplotlib
h5py==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
imageio==2.16.1
    # via scikit-image
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
lapy @ git+https://github.com/Deep-MI/LaPy.git
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==2.7.1
    # via scikit-image
nibabel==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   lapy
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   scikit-image
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
plotly==5.6.0
    # via lapy
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lapy
    #   scikit-image
simpleitk==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
tifffile==2022.3.25
    # via scikit-image
torch==1.10.0+cu113
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.11.1+cu113
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via torch
